Update documentation for Seed usage (#328)
DEFRA/waste-carriers-acceptance-tests: features/seeds/README.md

The API endpoint will cover:
- Generating and assigning a new `reg_identifier` number. The number will start with `CBDU` if the value of the `tier` is `upper`, or `CBDL` otherwise.

> - Generating and assigning an `expires_on` date to the registration based on the back office ENV variable used in the normal flow, equal to the value of the `WCRS_REGISTRATION_EXPIRES_AFTER`. This unless [custom_expire](custom_expire) is set.

Reviewer: Minor wording update
```suggestion
- Generating and assigning an `expires_on` date to the registration based on the back office ENV variable used in the normal flow, equal to the value of the `WCRS_REGISTRATION_EXPIRES_AFTER`. This is unless [custom_expire](custom_expire) is set.
```

something in the "metaData" of a document, which has a nested piece of json, you can't use this option. Tweaks are possible
to make it work depending on what the necessities are. Just contact a developer :)

### Custom Expiring date

> Registrations are authomatically set an `expires_on` by the application that receive the request.

Reviewer: Minor wording update
```suggestion
Registrations are automatically set an `expires_on` value by the application that receives the request.
```
